the drives were beautiful you all do
great work but we're really here to see
is a movie
we're really excited about it as a movie
and I think what you guys are excited
about is seen the movie you're gonna get
to see the whole thing the premiere is
right across the street but first we've
got a full minute 60 beautiful seconds
take a look
tell me he's new again Sana's he's a
play Tony he invades planets he takes
what he wants he wipes out half the
population he said Loki the attack on
New York that's him what's our timeline
no telly he has the power and space
stones that already makes him the
strongest creature in the whole universe
if he gets his hands on all six stars
Tony he could destroy life on a scale
hitherto undreamt on did you seriously
just say Hitler 200,000 seriously
leaning on the cauldron of the cosmos
knowing that I'm going to allow that if
Thanos stains all six why don't we just
stick this one down the garbage disposal
no can do we swore an oath to protect
the time stone with our lives and I
swore off dairy then managers named a
flavor after me so start craving
hazelnuts not been
Oh
Paul thank you Tom thank you Tom Palmer
Tom that's a nice little Zooey and
Robert Downey jr. thank you all for
being here Avengers infinity war opens
everywhere all around the world if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment